Review the engineering section (#106)
JuliaDataScience/JuliaDataScience: contents/preface.md

Unlike most books on data science, this book lays more emphasis on properly **structuring code**.
The reason for this is that we noticed that many data scientists simply place their code into one large file and run all the statements sequentially.
You can think of this like forcing book readers to always read it from beginning to end, and without being allowed to revisit earlier sections or jumping to interesting sections right away.

> This works okay for small and simple projects, but the bigger or more complex the project becomes, more problems will start to arise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This works fine for small and simple projects, but the bigger or more complex the project becomes, more problems will start to arise.
```

> For example, with a well written book, the book is split into distinctly named chapters and sections which contains several references to other parts in the book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, in a well written book, the book is split into distinctly named chapters and sections which contains several references to other parts in the book.
```
or "within" maybe

The software equivalent of this is **splitting code into functions**.
Each function has a name and some contents.

> With functions, you can, basically, tell the computer at any point in your code to jump to some other place and continue from there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using functions, you can tell the computer at any point in your code to jump to some other place and continue from there.
```

This allows you to more easily re-use code between projects, update code, share code, collaborate and see the big picture.
Hence, with functions, you can **save time**.

> So, while reading this book, you will eventually get accustomed to reading and using functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, while reading this book, you will eventually get used to reading and using functions.
```
